# challenges
Various algorithmic challenges solutions (rather unstructured).

The file name relevant to the challenge is usually an abbreviation from the challenge title. Some include built-in *pytest* cases, other require to be run with a test input file (name convention includes the `*.py` file name with `_test_*.txt` ending ).

All below has been done ad-hoc during few months period of time for self-entertaining purpose, so each file is a self-contained mini-program. They are mostly Python3.7, but there might be few old crafted with Python2.7 manner. It could be that some include some notes, "alternative" versions of the code, commented blocks or other random bits. I treat this as a personal archive - not a thing to show off.

General challenges:
1. Dijakstra's

HackerRank challenges:

1. Mark and Toys
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mark-and-toys

3. Fraudulent Activity Notifications
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/fraudulent-activity-notifications

4. Making Candies *
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/making-candies

5. Merge Sort: Counting Inversions *
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-merge-sort

6. Friend Circle Queries
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/friend-circle-queries

7. Frequency Queries
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/frequency-queries

8. New Year Chaos
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/new-year-chaos

9. Trees: Is This a Binary Search Tree?
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-is-binary-search-tree

10. Tree: Height of a Binary Tree
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tree-height-of-a-binary-tree

11. Count Triplets
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/count-triplets-1

12. Two Strings
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-strings

13. Hash Tables: Ransom Note
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-ransom-note

14. 2D Array - DS
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/2d-array

15. BFS: Shortest Reach in a Graph
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-bfs-shortest-reach

16. DFS: Connected Cell in a Grid
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-connected-cell-in-a-grid

17. Roads and Libraries
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/torque-and-development

18. Maximum Xor
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maximum-xor

19. Flipping bits
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/flipping-bits

20. Time Complexity: Primality
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-big-o

21. [time-out] Time Complexity: Primality
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-big-o

22. Linked Lists: Detect a Cycle
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-linked-list-cycle

23. Recursion: Davis' Staircase
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-recursive-staircase

24. Recursion: Fibonacci Numbers
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-fibonacci-numbers

25. Minimum Swaps 2
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-swaps-2

26. Array Manipulation
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/crush

27. Swap Nodes
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/swap-nodes-algo

28. Queues: A Tale of Two Stacks
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-queue-using-two-stacks

29. Balanced Brackets
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/balanced-brackets

30. Luck Balance
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/luck-balance

31. Abbreviation
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/abbr

32. Common Child
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/common-child

33. Sherlock and the Valid String
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-valid-string

34. Game of Thrones - I
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/game-of-thrones

35. The Love-Letter Mystery
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-love-letter-mystery

36. Merge Sort: Counting Inversions *
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-merge-sort

37. Sorting: Comparator
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-comparator-sorting

38. Alternating Characters
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/alternating-characters

39. Arrays: Left Rotation
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-array-left-rotation

40. Sherlock and Anagrams
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-anagrams

41. New Year Chaos
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/new-year-chaos

42. Repeated String
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/repeated-string

43. Jumping on the Clouds
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/jumping-on-the-clouds

44. Counting Valleys
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/counting-valleys

45. Sock Merchant
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sock-merchant

(*) marked solutions time-out with Python3 at HackerRank, but some of them pass with CPython selected or Pypy. It's a "popular problem" with HackerRank submissions for Python3.



